re-word explanation and docstrings of NCR (#1017)
scikit-learn-contrib/imbalanced-learn: doc/under_sampling.rst

Our implementation offer to set the number of seeds to put in the set :math:`C`
originally by setting the parameter ``n_seeds_S``.

Neighbourhood Cleaning Rule
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The :class:`NeighbourhoodCleaningRule` is another "cleaning" algorithm. It removes

> samples from the majority class that are closest to the boundary with the minority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
samples from the majority class that are the closest to the boundary formed by the samples of the minority class
```

Author: I don't totally understand this sentence. Let me try a modification in a new commit.

:cite:`laurikkala2001improving`.

The :class:`NeighbourhoodCleaningRule` expands on the cleaning performed by
:class:`EditedNearestNeighbours` by eliminating additional majority class samples if

> they are among the 3 closest neighbours of a sample from the minority class.

Author: Throughout the docs we are using K as the number of neighbours, not N. I guess the n in n_neighbours comes from n=number. I'd rather stick to K if that's alright with you, for consitency. I'll fix this in a separate commit.

> they are among the 3 closest neighbours of a sample from the minority class.

Author: Actually, I removed this sentence altogether as per below suggestion.
